Codepen:
https://codepen.io/Zach-Morris/pen/abBmNjz?editors=1000

Questions:

	1. What is Semantic HTML? 

Offers meaning within HTML code (organizational)

    2. What is HTML used for? 

Builds the structure of webpages

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

They provide data and they go within the tags of elements

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

The most important information, usually the title, and usually only once. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

The image and anchor elements

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
 
Metadata that defines the file

    7. What is an id? 

A selector that indentifies one element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

All elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

Once

    10. What is a class? 

A selector that allows for indentifying several (or one) elements

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

All elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
 
As often as you like

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

target="_blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

Alternative text if the image cannot be displayed

    15. How do I reference an id?

#name of id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

Section defines meaning, div does not

    17. What is CSS used for? 

Styling the barebones HTML

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

call it by its name then {}. EX: h2{...}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

Class refers to thematically grouped elements, id refers to an individual elements. You might want to group several 
related paragraphs under a class. You might wish to identify one unique paragraph under an id.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

.class-name

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

A selector that identifies an element and all others nested within. It's useful for identifying grouped elements

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

div.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

Selector that is triggered only at a certain state (hover)

    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?

line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

div.a {
  text-transform: uppercase;
}

div.b {
  text-transform: lowercase;
}

div.c {
  text-transform: capitalize;
}

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

border-width: 1px;
border-style: dotted;
border-color: black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

* (selects all elements)

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

<!--   -->

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

rm"name" Should be careful because it is imediate and irreparable

    34. Why should I use version control? 

It collects edit history so you can edit with the confidence of having back-ups

    35. How often should I commit to github?

With every significant change

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Fork-->Clone-->Branch-->Work-->Add-->Commit-->Push-->Pull Request